How many are in here?
Jesus Christ,
it gets worse all the time.
Sure as hell doesn't
get any better.
All shot in their beds
execution style.
Only the mother shot
in the head.
What time do you make it?
Just give me a ballpark guess.
Three, three fifteen,
and that's pretty close.
Thanks.
How long have you been waiting?
- Oh, just a couple of minutes.
- About a half an hour.
Um, over there,
that's a little gardening hut.
You mean that's included?
Sure. It could be
a guest house with a little fixing up.
- A guest house?
- Sure.
Come on, right up here.
See how much property
you have, isn't that lovely?
Be careful, don't trip.
You'll see what a beauty this is.
There's nothing like it on the market.
Not at this price.
Come in, come on in.
Thank you.
- Impressive, isn't it?
- Mmm.
Ohh.
I mean, that's
what I call charming.
Come on, I'll show you
the living room.
Oh, thank you.
That's a wood burning fireplace.
- Oh.
- It'd be nice on cold nights.
Mmm.
That's the sun porch.
Nice, isn't it?
George, I don't think--
Be cool.
Uh, would you like
to see the kitchen?
Yes, thank you.
- This is the kitchen.
- Uh-huh.
Nice and spacious,
isn't it? Really big.
Has all the original hardware,
and everything works.
This your first house?
- Oh.
- We just got married.
- Shall we look at the upstairs?
- Mm-hmm.
I like to refer to this
as a fixer-upper that can be fun.
You could start with this, huh?
Uh, now this is
an extra room. Uh...
Uh, this is the bathroom,
connecting with the next bedroom.
This is the second bedroom.
Mmm?
There's a nice view
of the river from here.
If you're planning on a big family,
there are three full bedrooms, plus--
We already have a family--
two boys and a girl-- great kids.
Oh, it--
- You are so bad.
- What?
- Cut it out.
Next is the master bedroom.
I love it.
Uh, just one more floor.
See anything you like...
...we can include it in the price.
- Really?
- Sure.
This can be another bedroom,
or a playroom,
whichever you prefer.
Mm-hmm.
I'll tell you what,
I think maybe we'll wander around
on our own again,
now that we got the layout.
We can meet you downstairs.
How'd that be?
I'll-- I'll be in the kitchen.
Take your time.
We won't be long.
What do you think?
I love it.
But honey, $80,000?
I mean, it might
as well be $800,000.
Well, now listen.
The house is worth $120,000 easy.
Mm-hmm.
And if I move my office
into that little cottage out back,
that'll save that rent,
and the boathouse means
I won't have to shell out
for mooring charges,
which they're raising, by the way.
You didn't tell me that.
Well, there was nothing
to be done about it.
I just wish that, uh,
all those people hadn't died here.
I mean, d'ooh,
a guy kills his whole family?
Doesn't that bother you?
Well, yeah, sure,
but houses don't have memories.
I don't know.
Well, I do. The house
wouldn't even be for sale,
and if it was,
we couldn't afford it
if we had, uh,
tuna casseroles for a year.
Well, you're gonna be very happy,
it's a wonderful house.
I'm sure they'll accept your offer.
Do-- don't worry about a thing,
I'll handle the details.
Just go on and get ready to move.
Equal...
They're not getting
too close to the river out there?
Uh-uh.
Sounds like a regular daddy
I hear over there.
I might feel like one if, uh,
that's what they started calling me
instead of George,
which I got to admit
is better than all that Mr. Lutz crap
they were giving me.
What do you want
to do with this?
Oh, uh--
Oh, I know, I know,
put it in the living room,
on that wall there,
beside the bookshelf,
and the light'll come through
the window and look beautiful.
You got it.
Voila!
Ah, shit. Come on.
Uhh, I'm tired
of this damn sticky paper.
I wish I would've listened to my mother
and got the old fashioned kind
that you tack down.
Nobody likes a quitter.
But I got an idea.
Get a couple of beers
and go outside and play?
What are those monsters up to?
Hello?
Anybody home?
Hello.
George?
Kathy?
Anybody home?
Hello.
Harry!
God's peace in this house.
Get out!
Oh.
Amy?
Amy honey, dinner's ready.
Oh, look at that.
- Here.
- Oh, no, I've got her.
You and the boys start,
I'll take her upstairs
and put her to bed.
She wasn't outside.
Where was she?
Uhh, be gettin' in there
and eat your hot dogs.
Come on.
Whack!
I wonder who that is.
Hello?
Hello--
Hello, Kathy?
Kathy-- Kathy, can you hear me?
Kathy?
Father Delaney.
There's something very import--
Hello? Hello?
Who was that?
- On the phone?
- Yeah.
Just a bunch of static,
a bad connection or something.
I think Ma Bell's
gone whacko again.
Probably discover it was a collect
call from Japan or some place
when the next bill comes.
Oh, did you make sure
that Amy's got her doll with her?
Yeah, she's sleeping with it.
You hungry, honey?
Mm-mm.
You mean you don't want
one of those charbroiled hot dogs
I did especially for you?
No, I'm not hungry.
Damn, it's cold in here.
I felt cold a bit earlier,
but I think I warmed up now.
It says 72, it feels like 32.
Do you know what I think it is?
I think there's a-- a draft
that comes up from the basement
through that door down there.
This house is supposed
to be well insulated.
They'll nickel
and dime you to death.
Huh?
Uh!
Matt?
You all right?
Yeah.
Did you hurt yourself?
No.
Those stairs are tricky.
Come on, I'll take you upstairs
and we'll check this
all out tomorrow, huh?
Oh.
I'm sorry, baby,
I didn't mean to scare you.
I look at you all the time.
I can't get used to you.
Who loves you?
I'm lucky.
Come here.
I just wanted to clean up first.
I love the way you smell right now.
I love you.
I love you back.
You make me feel like a kid
in the back seat of a car right now.
Now?
I want us to work.
I want to be the best,
I don't want you to have any regrets.
I love you, Kathy.
I wanna go home.
Mommy, I wanna go home.
Oh, honey, come on,
what's this trouble?
Come on, back to bed.
Back to bed.
This is our home,
don't you know that?
Hmm?
Here we go.
There you go, sweetie.
What's the matter?
Having mean dreams?
Sleep tight.
It's not so easy, is it?
Well, I guess people
have had to deal with this
every since Adam and Eve
got kicked out of the garden.
Just have to learn to live with it.
Hmm?
Thank you.
You're one hell
of a watch dog, Harry.
Come on, boy.
Come on.
What do you say, Harry,
it looks okay, huh?
George.
Uh!
Don't ever do that--
Talk to a man
with an axe in his hand.
I just thought maybe
I could get a little help.
Look what you made me do.
I made you do?
There's a week's worth of groceries
rolling down the walk.
Wait a minute till I finish this stuff.
George, finish?
You have got enough wood here
to heat the whole South Shore.
Huh?
Ah, you take this.
I'll get the rest.
I love you.
You broke a bulb.
Babe, who drinks this fancy
kind of tea around here?
Well, that's Aunt Helena,
she's coming by around two.
Oh, gimme a break.
Oh, come on, George, be nice.
This is a big event in my family.
I mean, we've always been
a bunch of renters.
And this is the first time
anyone's bought a house.
Damn regimental inspection
and we're not ready.
Uh!
Sweetie pie,
you scared me.
What do you want, hm?
My friend Jody
wants to play upstairs.
- Mm-hmm?
- Huh, Jody? See?
Mm-hmm. Well, you and Jody
go on up and enjoy yourself.
And does your friend Jody
like sugar cookies too, huh?
I don't think so.
No?
Off you go.
Hello, this is Kathy Lutz.
Could I speak
with Father Delaney, please?
I'm sorry, Mrs. Lutz,
the Father's not
feeling very well today.
He's asleep right now.
This is Father Bolen.
May I help you in any way?
Oh, Father Bolen, um,
he was supposed to come by
and bless the house yesterday,
but it can wait 'til he feels better.
I hope he's not too sick.
Oh, I think it's just
one of those flu things.
But Mrs. Lutz, the Father was
at your house yesterday.
Unh-uh, we were expecting him,
but he never showed up.
Well, I know he left to go there.
He didn't come.
We waited all day.
Must've been some kind of mix up.
Oh well, no big deal, just tell him
hi and-- and that we hope
he's feeling better.
I sure will.
Thank you for calling.
I'll go check Amy's bathroom.
P.U.
Mom, what's that stink?
Kathy!
Go downstairs and let
your Aunt Helena in,
and don't tell her
anything about this, okay?
- Do we have to? She's always pinching!
- Yes, you have to! Go now!
- Come on!
- Go on.
And be polite!
Well, hello, Matthew!
And Gregory! And Harry!
Where's your mother, dear?
She said she'd be down
in a minute.
Aunt Helena?
- Kathleen!
- What--
I-- I'm sorry, I-- I must've
set it too near the edge.
Uh, I have to go.
I don't understand.
I don't feel well at all.
Look, I bought your favorite tea,
and-- and I'll make you a cup.
I have to go,
I really feel terrible.
If you just rested a while,
you'd feel a lot--
- I can't stay!
- Please stay.
- You'll just feel a lot better--
- I can't stay. No, I don't feel well.
Just rest and then--
I can't stay, forgive me.
George, please make her s--
Hey.
Hm, aren't you
gonna come to bed?
In a minute.
The fire went out.
Are you still cold?
I hope you're not
comin' down with somethin'.
I'll be all right.
I gotta stay healthy
for your brother's wedding.
Hmm, your hair's gettin' long.
You know what, maybe
we should sleep in tomorrow.
I got work to do.
I don't want to be up
to my ass in boxes forever.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what
the hell's the matter with me.
Silly, this happens all the time.
Well, not to me it doesn't.
Hey, stop pushin'. You don't have
to prove anything to me.
Turn out the light.
I love you.
I love you back.
Oh.
She was shot in the head!
No, no.
You all right?
No, no...
Tell me something, Father.
What?
Why couldn't this wait
'til tomorrow?
I don't know, I--
All I know is I have
to get back to that house, that's all.
Are you feeling all right, Father?
I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine.
- Father.
- What's the matter?
Something's wrong with
the steering wheel.
Can't move the wheel!
God what is wrong with this.
Harry, be quiet!
Be quiet!
Kathy.
Will you check this
for me, please?
It's got to come
to 1,500 bucks for the caterer.
The sucker wants cash.
Jimmy, will you relax?
You've counted it
about a thousand times.
You sure do look terrific.
Now, you're not gonna start
to cry already?
Mm-mm.
It's just that yesterday
I was riding you around
on the back of my bike.
And now you're getting married.
Sure am.
I'm just real happy for you,
that's all, hon.
Hey, there he is.
George, you look terrible.
So she keep tellin' me.
Oh, it's just some kind
of little flu virus going around.
Amy's got it too, it's nothing.
Listen, uh, if you're not
up to it, I'd understand.
Hey, I'm your best man.
Come on, let's go.
Okay.
Uh, Mrs. Lutz, am I supposed
to give Amy an aspirin or anything?
Um, just give her one
before bed, okay?
Okay.
Are you gonna be okay?
I don't know.
What's the matter?
The money.
What money?
The money
for the caterer, $1,500!
I put it in--
I put it in this pocket!
Well, it must've fallen out,
come on Now.
- Well, it's not here.
- We'll just find it.
I'll look under here.
Have you checked your pants?
Now, calm down,
Jimmy, calm down.
It can't have gotten up
and walked away.
Well, if you had it here,
it's gotta be here.
What am I gonna do?
Oh, I can't believe it,
God, I can't believe it!
Will you get those kids
off that horn?
Jimmy, George,
we have to go,
we're getting very late.
- George.
- What am I gonna do?
Well, it's gotta be here
some place.
We'll just
look for it when we get home.
What about the caterer?
I'll take care of him.
I'll write him a check.
My sweetie.
Okay?
- Let's go.
- I'll get the kids.
Oh, it's freezing in here.
It's time for bed, Amy.
I've got to give you an aspirin.
I don't wanna go to bed.
I wanna play with Jody.
Now, your mom said I had
to put you to bed early
because you've been sick.
Now, don't smart off to me.
I wasn't sick.
I just didn't like meatloaf.
Let's get you into your pajamas.
Amy, open the door.
Amy, I'm in the closet.
Open the door!
Amy, I mean it!
Amy, come to the door!
Open it!
Amy, for Christ's sake,
open the door!
Amy! Amy!
Amy, open the door!
Amy!
Open the-- oh, man!
Amy, open the door!
Amy!
Amy, for Christ's sake,
open the door!
Amy!
How are you?
- Are you feeling better?
- Fine, just fine.
I want to apologize
for the other day.
- Oh, don't worry about that.
- I don't know what happened.
I hadn't got half a block
from your house,
and I was violently ill.
I think there's a, um, virus
or something going around.
- Yeah?
- Father Delaney's got something.
And Amy's got something, and...
I don't know what's
the matter with George.
Oh.
Listen, um,
I'll talk to you later, okay?
I'm gonna write you a check.
Oh, look, uh, the deal was cash,
you know-- cash.
The cash was lost.
You gotta take a check.
I don't like checks.
And let me tell you
something about checks.
Checks get canceled,
checks bounce.
Checks is not cash.
Cash is cash.
Hey, you listen to me, pal,
I don't like lectures.
And I don't like being hassled
in the men's room.
Now, I'm gonna write you a check.
Now, either that's
good enough for you,
or you're gonna eat
your own God damn food.
Look at this.
I want cash
and they're givin' me checks, huh.
Are you all right, honey?
I don't think I can make it
through the reception.
Let's get the kids
and split, huh?
Okay, I'll get the kids.
You take it easy.
Matt, get over there.
Now, Matt, right upstairs
and right to bed.
- Come on.
- But why?
- Upstairs and right to bed.
- I'm not even tired!
- You are so tired.
- I am not!
You're tired 'cause
I said you're tired.
Hey, cut that out.
Come on, I'll bring you up
some milk and cookies.
Let me out!
Amy? Amy, are you okay?
Let me out.
- Jackie?
- Oh, my God!
- I-- I couldn't get out!
- What happened?
The-- the door closed and it locked,
and I couldn't get out!
Honey, there's
no lock on this door.
It wouldn't open!
- Take a look.
- Look, see?
It wouldn't open!
- Why didn't you open the door?
- Jackie!
- Why didn't you answer me?
- Jackie, Jackie!
Why didn't you unlock the door?
You heard Jackie knocking!
Jody wouldn't let me.
Jody? Who's Jody?
She's my friend,
and she comes to play with me.
Jesus Christ, what the hell are
we standing here listening to?
And weren't
you told to go to bed?
Go on, get outta here!
These kids of yours
need some God damn discipline.
Hey, let me see.
Let me go get something for them.
George yelled at me.
Well, you should've
opened the door!
Jody doesn't like George.
Where the hell is it?
There's an explanation for all of it.
We're not in the habit of blaming Satan
for every phenomenon.
Neither am I, Father.
Well, for a modernist
who thought Vatican I
didn't go far enough,
don't you think
you sound a little medieval?
My being a modernist
has nothing to do with it.
I happened
to check into the murders,
and I checked
into the 20-year-old boy
who killed his parents
and his four brothers and sisters.
And when he was at trial, he testified
that he heard voices in the house!
He heard voices in the house,
and the voices told him to do it!
Now, I was in the house,
and I heard the voices too!
And I also felt
the presence in the house!
Now, I'm telling you there was
a presence in that house!
Half the Killers in this country
say the same thing.
The voices.
The voices told me to do it.
But I heard them, Father!
I heard voices!
Oh, then explain this.
Explain my hand, if you can do that.
Go on, explain how the car
went out of control.
Go on. Father Bolen was with me.
You tell him.
Well, the-- the wheel locked,
and then the--
The wheel locked.
How about
a mechanical defect?
I'd blame Detroit a lot faster
than the devil.
Seems like every month
there's some kind of recall.
Oh...
I see.
We're just gonna walk away from it.
Well, has that become
the fashion now, to cover up?
Nothing to walk away from.
- Well, I think it's nonsense.
- There's nothing to cover up.
Well, I think it's
bureaucratical bullshit!
What do you think I am?
I am not some
pink seat seminarian
who doesn't know the difference
between the supernatural
and a bad clam!
I am a trained psychotherapist!
I went into that house,
and what I saw there was real!
What I felt there was real!
And what I heard there was real!
Now, gentlemen, I have a family
in my parish that's at great risk!
And they are facing real danger!
Who the hell
do you think you are?
You think your secular education
gives you the right
to question the church?
Sit down!
Sit!
Now, you haven't told us
one thing
that can't be written off
as simple hysteria.
Even psychotherapists
lose touch with reality sometimes.
Your education
doesn't give you any immunity.
Father Nuncio and I have seen
our share of phenomena,
and never once did any of them
turn out to be Satanist!
Let's understand
each other, Father.
To me, the church,
it's my home.
The church is my strength.
And I need her now.
And that family
needs her now.
Frank, how long has it been
since you've seen your family?
What do you mean?
We think you should
take a vacation.
Good morning, Father.
Good day, Father.
You could do
with a haircut and shave.
What do you think?
Very uptown.
I thought you guys
had a small business.
Believe me, we do.
Gettin' smaller all the time.
What's the matter?
I don't want to go any closer.
Carolyn,
what are you talkin' about?
It gives me the creeps.
Hiya, George, how's it goin'?
Listen, I, uh--
I wouldn't have come out
and bothered you,
but your line's always busy.
Nobody's seen you for days.
You haven't even been in
to sign the payroll checks.
I did us both a favor
and brought them along.
Here.
- Christ, what day is this?
- Thursday.
Thursday?
Thursday.
Look, I promised the men
I'd hand deliver these.
Should've been paid yesterday.
Some caterer's
been screaming
that you wrote him
a personal check that bounced?
Oh, Jesus.
I should've covered that.
And some guy
from the IRS has been calling.
Don't you have any good news?
Yeah, I, uh--
I brought you
the spotlight for your boat.
Oh.
Come on,
I'll put it on for you.
You girls think
I don't know what you're up to?
Well, I do.
And if I ever catch you again,
you're gonna be in big trouble.
You girls hear me?
Janet, you listening?
Now, don't be a smart ass.
Drop it.
You quit that!
Stop teasing me!
Hey, what are you two rascals
doing in my room, huh?
Ow!
Oh, my God!
We've got to get
that window up.
God damn thing feels
like it's nailed shut.
Push! Can't you two--
You're holdin' out,
no-- no broken bones at all.
I'll drive, honey.
- Amazing.
- What?
Not one broken bone.
George, are you awake?
Isn't that kinda strange
that none of the bones
are broken in Greg's hand?
George, I have to talk to you.
What was that?
I don't know.
You stay up here.
Like hell.
Wait, wait.
God damn it, don't sneak up on me.
You call the police,
I'm gonna go check on something.
It's okay, sweetie.
Hey, Sarge, what brings you out?
Insomnia.
What do you got?
Beats the hell outta me.
Uh, this is Mrs. Lutz, Sergeant.
Mrs. Lutz.
And, uh, George Lutz.
Is that L-u-t-z-e?
No 'e'.
Uh, the basement door's
the same as the front.
Well, where's the basement?
Come on, I'll show ya.
Hey, who let you in?
What are you doin' there, boy?
No broken windows.
How long you been livin' here?
A couple of weeks.
Are you related to the family
that was here before?
Unh-uh.
You look a lot like them.
The kid had the same, uh--
Harry, knock it off!
Have you had any trouble
with vandals or trespassers?
What's that supposed to mean?
Well...
...you've got a door that was broken
outward, Mr. Lutz, from the inside.
Burglars break in.
You've got a front door
that's broken out.
Let me tell you something.
Somebody broke in to my house.
They heard me coming,
and they took off.
Mm-hmm, okay.
Then who broke
the basement door?
Well, maybe they came in
through the cellar and, uh,
and ran out the front door.
No, I checked all the windows
down there, none broken.
You think it was faster
to break it down than to open it, huh?
There'll be a tighter
watch on your house.
Now, you call us
if anything happens, okay?
- Uh-huh.
- Good night.
Why is it all going wrong?
We have to do something.
Jody says
everything's gonna get better.
Mm-hmm.
What does Jody look like, huh?
I mean, uh, is Jody big,
or-- or thin, or fat, or--
She's nice.
Mm-hmm.
She tells me things, too.
Yeah? Like what
does she tell you, huh?
She tells me about the little boy
who used to live in my room.
He got hurt, and he died.
And what else does Jody tell you?
She says she wants me
to live here forever and ever,
so we can all play together.
Good-bye, sweeties.
Be home by 3:30, okay?
Be careful.
Oh, no, no, no,
she's a nice person.
Oh, answer.
Please, answer.
Hello.
Father, this is Kathy Lutz
and I have to talk to you.
Uh, Kathy,
listen to what I'm telling you.
Father? Father!
Father!
Oh Lord, hear my prayer
and hasten to answer me.
Huh?
Hello.
Everybody wanted to come over
to welcome you to the neighborhood.
It's all right, isn't it?
Just a-- a minute, please.
Hello?
George, thanks for comin'.
Thought I might be stood up.
Look, don't give me any crap,
I don't have time for it.
George, relax, will ya?
I just wanna buy you a drink.
Couple of beers, please.
Gotcha.
George, are you all right?
I mean, you look terrible.
Here you are, pal.
Jesus, I'm sorry.
You look just like that kid.
You know, he was
sittin' right in that seat
where you are
when he was arrested?
What the hell
are you talking about?
The kid last year
that killed his family.
You know, the house
down by the river?
Hey, you're the spittin' image.
So?
So, I'll bring you another brew, eh?
No offense, huh?
Look, I gotta get outta here.
I'll talk to you later.
No, George, now.
We gotta talk now.
The business is falling apart.
People are calling,
bills have to be paid.
I know you're busy unpackin',
but life goes on.
Don't push me, Jeff,
I'm warnin' ya.
- I don't have the patience for this.
- You're warnin' me.
Gimme a break, will ya?
Talk to me!
I knew this would happen, I told you
you were takin' on too much.
Just drop it, Jeff!
You marry a dame with three kids,
you buy a big house
with mortgages up to your ass,
you change your religion,
and you forget about business.
Great, really great.
Okay, now can we talk?
Christ, man, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I was thinkin', huh.
Okay, right.
Jesus loves me, this I know
For the Bible tells me so
Little ones to Him belong
They are weak,
but He is strong
Yes, Jesus loves me
Yes, Jesus
loves me
Yes, Jesus loves me
The Bible...
Who are you singin' to, princess?
You scared Jody.
Jody?
Look, there's no one here, see?
You scared her.
She went out the window.
She went out the window?
Well, I-- I better check and make sure
she's not still there, huh?
The house is doin' things.
I mean, windows
open by themselves.
Rooms full of flies
at the wrong time of year.
You saw what happened
to Greg's hand.
It's crazy.
And, uh, last night
the front door was ripped off
its hinges from the inside.
Of course.
It's right here, it's history.
John Ketchum.
So?
They ran him out of Salem
for being a witch.
And he built his house
exactly where you're living.
You're living on some sort
of special ground that--
Devil worship.
Death.
Sacrifice.
George, there's one simple rule:
Energy cannot be
created or destroyed,
it can only change forms.
Carolyn, will you get
a grip on yourself.
You sound like
some kind of psycho weirdo.
Come on, Jeffery,
don't be such
a big hardcore rationalist.
You know, everything in life
cannot be explained
by a slide rule.
Oh, thank you very much
for your cosmic views.
Now do me a favor, shut up!
Can I make a rational
suggestion, please?
Why sure, man, anything.
Go home.
Get cleaned up.
Take Kathy out to dinner.
Carolyn and I'll babysit the kids.
You gotta get away from it, George,
even if it's for a couple of hours.
And when you get back,
we'll add it all up.
We'll talk this thing through.
Okay.
Let's go home.
Look, I'll go in
and talk to Kathy,
and you all come on in
in a couple of minutes.
Okay.
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
He told us to wait out here.
Jeff,
I gotta see it for myself.
I thought that place
gave you the creeps.
What...
Oh, are those vibes
ever strong.
They really push on you.
I gotta see the basement,
that's where it's coming from.
I'm very sensitive
about these things.
And I know about them.
Come on, knock it off, will ya?
What I saw was not a cat!
It coulda climbed up the ivy.
I mean, it's all over the side
of the damned house.
Look, Kathy, I don't have
all the answers yet.
We gotta get some
perspective on this thing.
Huh?
Come on, let's take Jeff's offer.
Put yourself together.
Let's get the hell away from it
for a couple of hours.
We'll get dressed.
I just gotta check the fire first.
Demons are smart!
They're not
just monsters, they--
I mean, they think
just like you and I do.
Just in reverse,
you know.
It's a closed system.
Now you're beginning
to give me the creeps.
There was a tribe of Indians
called the Shinnecocks,
and they used this land
as sort of an exposure pen.
They put all the crazy people here,
and they left 'em here to die.
My God.
That's where it is.
What the hell you talkin' about?
There are people buried here.
Easy, easy.
Easy there.
What the hell are you doing?
What is the matter with you?
Don't you understand?
It has to be done.
That is where the room is!
What the hell are you
doing to my house?
George, I'm sorry,
I don't know what got into her.
I'm trying to tell him
that's where it is.
She's right.
She's right,
there is something here.
Give me that.
What's going on?
Have you all gone mad?
George!
They... come and go
through here.
Find the well!
It's the passage to hell!
Cover it!
Hello?
George, you heard that voice.
You know who's voice that was.
You heard it!
I know you heard it!
We have to do something, George.
We have to do something now.
Oh.
Peace to this house
and all who enter here.
Forgive our sins,
and save us from all illness.
Grant this, through
Jesus Christ Our Lord.
What the heck
is going on here?
Weird people.
Bless this house
and all who enter here.
Bless this house--
What? What's happening?
Wha--
Kathy?
Kathy!
- Kathy--
- No, don't touch me!
Leave me alone, please.
Please.
Unh, unh, unh, unh.
Father, since
I've come back from Vietnam,
you've been a tremendous
influence in my life.
I... I look up to you,
I respect you, I admire you.
Then what is your point?
Well, I believe that--
That I know about fear.
I've seen it.
I... experienced it.
Richard, I wish
you'd make your point
because I've got
a lot of things to do.
My point is, Father,
that I believe we create
our own demons
in our own minds.
I'm sorry, Father.
In the name of the Father,
the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
Let us pray.
Father,
by the power of your spirit,
you have filled the hearts
of your faithful people
with gifts of love
for one another.
Hear the prayers that we offer
for our relatives and friends.
Give them health.
Give them health
of mind and body, that--
of mind and body
that they may do your will
with perfect love.
Give them health
of mind and body
that they may do your will
with perfect love!
We ask this through Our Lord
Jesus Christ, Your Son!
Give them strength
of mind and body!
O Lord,
I beg Thee!
Give them strength
in the name of Our Lord
Jesus Christ Your Son!
Oh Lord!
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Richard.
What is it, Father?
I can't see.
I'm blind.
What do you want from us?
God damn it, this is my house!
No! No!
No, no.
No!
Oh, no.
I'm coming apart!
Oh, Mother of God,
George!
George, what happened?
I was just dreaming.
I'm sorry if I woke you.
Honey, are you okay?
Oh, sure.
Are you sure, huh?
Oh, my God,
what happened to your foot?
Oh, look.
Nothing,
I just tripped.
Looks like teeth marks.
Will you stop nagging at me?
It's always so cold in here.
Let's get out of here, huh?
Let's just pack up
our stuff and go.
Would you please leave that
damn fire alone and listen to me?
I'm not going anywhere!
You're the one
that wanted the house.
This is it, so just shut up!
You bastard.
Ahh!
Excuse me, somebody told me
that you could tell me where, uh--
Excuse me.
- Someone told me that you could--
- Hello.
I-- I'm sorry, I'm Kathy Lutz, and--
and I'm looking for Father Delaney.
Oh.
Hi, I'm Father Bolen.
I believe the Father
has gone on his vacation.
He's been
very overworked, and, uh--
I must speak to Father Delaney,
I simply must.
You-- you don't understand,
he's-- he's more than a priest to me,
he's-- he's like a friend of mine.
He's helped me through
some very difficult times
in my life and I have
to talk to him now.
It's-- it's-- it's out of my hands.
Hello, Father.
How are you feeling today?
I brought you some mail.
Would you like me to read it?
I noticed there's one here
from a former patient.
Would you like to hear it?
Certainly is beautiful here.
Why don't I arrange
so we can have our lunch here?
Would you like that, Father?
Uh, excuse me, Father,
can I have a word with you?
Of course, Sergeant,
uh, what can I do for you?
Well, I don't really know exactly.
You know, it may
be just a wild goose chase,
- but I'm the curious type.
- Mm-hm.
Like the man says,
it goes with the territory.
Sergeant, I have
a great deal of work to do.
Could you make
your point, please?
I'd like to know what's happening
to Father Delaney.
You see, he's an old friend,
and I can't get the story right.
Well, there is
no story to get right.
Maybe I am
just chasing shadows.
If you could excuse me, please.
- I think this has all the good stuff.
- Mm-hm.
I mean the, uh, major coverage.
If there's anything else
that you need,
want to see,
I'll go back there and get it.
No, I think this
should be fine, thank you.
Okay, that's what I thought.
This is the November 14th issue.
That's the day
after the murders.
Now, that crank over there,
- you turn that crank, and--
- That one there?
- Right there, it advances the film.
- Okay. Fine.
Each frame is a whole page,
and to get it in focus,
you just turn this knob right here.
- Okay, I've got it. Yep.
- Okay? You all set now?
- I'm fine, I'm fine.
- Good.
My God, George.
No!
George! George!
Matt! Greg!
Matt!
Amy!
Amy?
Amy? Amy!
Don't hurt my baby!
Kathy?
Jesus!
I-- I saw your picture
in the newspaper.
Oh, Kathy, I wouldn't hurt you.
Get going!
Now! Get going!
Oh! Oh sh--
Hold on! Hold!
Go away!
Hold on!
- No!
- Here, let's go!
- Let me try it.
- No, I got it!
Just open it!
Go! Go!
Oh, Mom!
Keys?
Oh God, where are the keys?
What, wait a minute,
where did I put 'em?
I can't find them.
I want Harry!
Please, George, drive.
Mom.
George! No!
No!
Harry, come on, boy!
Harry!
Harry, come on.
Harry?
Harry!
Harry! No, it's me!
Harry, no!
Harry!
Pull, Harry, pull!
Harry, pull!
Good boy.
Harry.
Come on, boy.
Can't get out.
Open.
Oh, God.
Oh, thank God.